﻿﻿# Gtkmm ExamplesShows how to use Gtkmm controls (c++14).## Hello World["Hello World"](src/HelloWorld) The classic first application HelloWorld.## Application and messages[Application](src/Application) Shows how to create a simple Application.## Common Controls[Button](src/Button) Shows how to create a Button and Event Click.[CheckBox](src/CheckBox) Shows how to create a CheckBox.[Label](src/Label) Shows how to create a Label.[ProgressBar](src/ProgressBar) Shows how to create a ProgressBar.[RadioButton](src/RadioButton) Shows how to create a RadioButton.[TextBox](src/TextBox) Shows how to create a TextBox.[TrackBar](src/TrackBar) Shows how to create a TrackBar.## Containers[Form](src/Form) Shows how to create a simple Form.[GroupBox](src/GroupBox) Shows how to create a GroupBox.[Panel](src/Panel) Shows how to create a Panel.[TabControl](src/TabControl) Shows how to create a TabControl.## Menus and toolbars[MainMenu](src/MainMenu) Shows how to create a MainMenu .## Components[Timer](src/Timer) Shows how to create a Timer.## Dialogs[ColorDialog](src/ColorDialog) Shows how to create a ColorDialog.[FolderBrowserDialog](src/FolderBrowserDialog) Shows how to create a FolderBrowserDialog.[FontDialog](src/FontDialog) Shows how to create a FontDialo.[OpenFileDialog](src/OpenFileDialog) Shows how to create an OpenFileDialog.[MessageBox](src/MessageBox) Shows how to create a MessageBox.[SaveFileDialog](src/SaveFileDialog) Shows how to create an SaveFileDialog.## Download``` shellgit clone https://github.com/gammasoft71/Win32Examples Win32Examples```## Generate and buildTo build this project, open "Console" and type following lines:``` cmakemkdir buildcd buildcmake .. start Win32Examples.sln```## RemarksThis project run with [Visual Studio](https://www.visualstudio.com) and [CMake](https://cmake.org).