# Win32.Gui ExamplesShows how to use Win32 controls by proghramming code (c++17).## Hello World["Hello World"](src/HelloWorldForm/README.md) The classic first application HelloWorld.## Application and messages[Application](src/Application/README.md) Shows how to create an Application.## Common Controls[Button](src/Button/README.md) Shows how to create a Button and Event Click.[CheckBox](src/CheckBox/README.md) Shows how to create a CheckBox.[ComboBox](src/ComboBox/README.md) Shows how to create a ComboBox.[Label](src/Label/README.md) Shows how to create a Label.[PictureBox](src/PictureBox/README.md) Shows how to create a PictureBox from bitmap file.[PictureBox2](src/PictureBox2/README.md) Shows how to create a PictureBox from bitmap resource.[ProgressBar](src/ProgressBar/README.md) Shows how to create a ProgressBar.[RadioButton](src/RadioButton/README.md) Shows how to create a RadioButton.[TextBox](src/TextBox/README.md) Shows how to create a TextBox.[TrackBar](src/TrackBar/README.md) Shows how to create a TrackBar.## Containers[Form](src/Form/README.md) Shows how to create a Form.[GroupBox](src/GroupBox/README.md) Shows how to create a GroupBox.[Panel](src/Panel/README.md) Shows how to create a Panel.[TabControl](src/TabControl/README.md) Shows how to create a TabControl.## Menus and toolbars[MainMenu](src/MainMenu/README.md) Shows how to create a MainMenu.## Components[Timer](src/Timer/README.md) Shows how to create a Timer.## Dialogs[ColorDialog](src/ColorDialog/README.md) Shows how to create a ColorDialog.[FolderBrowserDialog](src/FolderBrowserDialog/README.md) Shows how to create a FolderBrowserDialog.[FontDialog](src/FontDialog/README.md) Shows how to create a FontDialog.[OpenFileDialog](src/OpenFileDialog/README.md) Shows how to create an OpenFileDialog.[MessageBox](src/MessageBox/README.md) Shows how to create a MessageBox.[SaveFileDialog](src/SaveFileDialog/README.md) Shows how to create a SaveFileDialog.## Other[ApplicationIcon](src/ApplicationIcon/README.md) Shows how to create an executable with icon.[ColoredTabPages](src/ColoredTabPages/README.md) Shows how to create a TabControl with colored TabPages with.[FormWithVersionInfo](src/FormWithVersionInfo/README.md) Shows how to create a Form wtih version informations.## Generate and buildTo build this project, open "Console" and type following lines:``` shellmkdir build && cd buildcmake .. start Win32.Gui.Examples.sln```
Select any project and type Ctrl+F5 to build and run it.
## RemarksThis project run only on Windows with [Visual Studio](https://www.visualstudio.com) and [CMake](https://cmake.org).